the paraná played complained france the
hell
supersan annoys me but not much else
bee 1 but none is from danny boyle
lighter revealed the real and who you think
beauty group f in the area another video to
you a video dedicate so just brought
used in the clan castle at war is
That's it
after updating the spell
of venom or venom of the capiroto all
has changed
now we have a new troop formation
donations to it then the stars of
Balloon and Dragon version but not only
They will tell me a little more about them.
and also the options you have
but before then I'll leave it there in the cade
You can also see the team video .
on the same subject is a second
opinion a quick video where it exposes
also your opinion on
watch the video there and have our second
opinion is always good to know the album
channels and the upgrade is a partner.
But we decided to make this video.
collaborative you understand
opinions of 2 October on the
beauty at the end of the video will also have a
link to his channel is that there because
dragon and balloon my dear Bruno on account
This is simple life and that 's how it is.
this dragon and balloons have enough
life and has slightly disrupted the life of
this idea at times that the
venom capiroto there is came in
supersan upgrade any
flustered that gave attacker will be
good help is good to have poison in the
time to attack helps a lot in the time of
defend
You're going to suffer, are you sure?
then modify donations in return is a
club table card i 'll tell you one
a little about that about options too
but before a caveat is not worth it
put only dragons and balloons in the
defenses of all clan of nuts
their ranks at war have to give a
must give a
it's confused guys any like me
said any embarrassment that you have already
help then clear month is worth
merge such as valkyrie if
lava round I talk a little more about
He's out there too.
but first let's see why
dragon and balloon
the poison spell as you know
came to disrupt the lives of those who walk
defending HPD damage destruction
of him is very big and with that the troops
of the opposing castle the coast of the castle
in fact yours can die very fast
if it is the previous form if it is as it was
before conger xuxas magicians archers
barbarians
you can see that they are no longer in the
year and yes war
plans are now putting the
dragons and balloons because they are
were losing many of the
clan castle is in the attacks so it was
made this change in the next video that
You will see here
in this next republic to be now
You'll see an example of that look there.
witch dragon and archers in defense at
October war
O then I left the little dragon witch leaves and leaves
burn the witches and files you see there
who quickly dies the bruno dragon
my dragon is fully alive is
That's when he does not move. He took too little.
damage and thus disrupts the life of
attacker is the idea now you go
see why I told you about valkyrie is
why not use so much to what she
There's plenty of life for not crazy.
my dear man, look at the example
the magician there he will die quickly to
We know it's obvious that it was going to wal
stay alive because she has a lot of life
the damage will be minimal also it is obvious
that's where you can see this image
changed the mages
but why not use it because the
Valkyrie tse terrestre moves quickly
this is basically the idea I will talk a
little more after the vampire you go
see barbarian archers
the giant are not troops to
defend those noisy little lives
popular feather and giant a lot of life
However, it is not a defense
also break down and now we are going
the star of the day which is the balloon balloon
hot 45 still at his maximum level is
a beautiful exchange of defense nowadays
because the poison level 3 alice in 450 and
total gum
so she can hold it well there not be
destroyed at maximum level will hold
too much will cause a lot of damage in the troops
of the opponent
macu mago does not give more
is not a defense that comes
the night star the dragon a lot of life
2700 of life defends too much almost
suffers wisely use the and
clan castles but of blended aquila
as I told you picks now
is not defense and then let's go here
are blind black is not much less defense
It's a corridor, too, it can not be disturbed.
but it is not a defense and it has little life
also and it is not defense and there you see
Valkyrie 1,200 a beautiful defense
I remember a beautiful defense used with
wisdom as I said but it's a
troops of that land
difficulty
but the guy can destroy his troop of the
castle opponent then valkyrie of
that mixed together with the one lava
fast I speak the following
goalkeeper is not a lux luxel defense anymore
dude do not put any more witch works
nothing washes round a beautiful defense
Use it to merge like I said.
she with a valkyrie also you have to
use a wisdom then and they
with wisdom among the villages that you
will do well and there puts the dragons
balloons most of the time it will
help you too and now we go to the
great cause of all this spell
to come
Level 3 there with 150 hp but I'm going back
here on the screen for you to see the damage
total this image of the site clash tips from
my brother lucas
you will see there the damage level 1 270
level 2 360 level 3 450 level 4 540 of
damage is a lot of damage and on his account
we had to change all the
clash strategies of clans
from now on so stay tuned
They hurt like we said before.
good tip I hope you use this
The way I mentioned it
see the video of dim I got it from coke
at the end of this video the link will be there
Enjoy and leave here l' am l'aquila
Thank you so much for seeing life until
The end of my heartfelt thanks went